hi I'm Daisy and I like dolls and I
cannot even begin to tell you how
excited I am to bring you this review
today and we are looking at Clawdeen
Wolf daughter of the way off of course
freak du chic oh and see her team the
untamable can see how gorgeous cover up
down there and threw the box we can seek
resin her little pet jumping through a
purple fiery hmm and that's pretty much
her I really love how they've done these
boxes that have got the stage curtains
and I can't wait to see the play set
which looks really good in all the promo
pictures and all of these come with
little are pussies in the back to that
going into the back of the playset from
what I can work out so yeah I can't wait
to see that but for now I'm really
excited to have gotten my hot little
hands on this one a combination of luck
Facebook and a little bit of late-night
shopping and I managed to get my hands
on her so let's open her up without any
further ado and have a look a bit close
up over here's our cool out of her box
I've got her here holding on to her
little ring of purple fire which is for
present to jump through and he looks
super super cute they've put this little
main on him to make him look really
tough look big lion and so that's
gorgeous they have stayed away from pets
a lot recently it's been ages since I've
seen a pet with a doll um so I'm really
glad that they've gone back to them and
they haven't phased them out completely
the pets do really
one of the dolls really well and are a
great you know little side accessory she
also comes with the card that goes in
the back of the playset I believe and I
just love how they've got in the artwork
she's got a whip like I suppose many
traditional lion tamers would um she's
not the most traditional looking lion
tamer though you can see it maybe even a
bit better in this box are so maybe the
width accessory was just a one step too
far but at least pick out away with that
in in the post our cards ah so as I
mentioned she does have a little purple
ring of fire now the doll herself you
can see she is a this sort of gray
monotone instead of her normal brown
almost maka kind of colored skin but if
we have a look closely can see that her
makeup is the very dusty sort of purple
to go with the gray and these lines
coming down from her eyes that really
tie in well with her leggings so I'm
loving the face paint and the makeup on
her I think the green eyes really stand
out well on the gray also so looking at
her hair it's very very similar to
katrin's hair too lovely sort of move
lavender kind of color with some black
highlights mainly underneath and through
the back she's got a very cute hat that
I think might have been used before with
Mara
soul but they've put a little rosette on
the front and changed the color of
course now looking at the doll and her
accessories she does come wearing a
necklace little chain necklace and also
you can see up on her arms you've got a
little black tough little buckles on
there and a lot of the dolls lately have
seemed somewhat watered down our
accessories are as common as they used
to be things like pets honest comment as
they used to be and even just little
things necklaces bracelets rings and
it's those little accessories and little
details that really make these dolls for
me and make them stand out from anything
else that's out there I love that you
could sort of you know chop and change
with accessories and yeah a lot of the
time they're my favorite parts of the
dolls so it's great to see that they're
not shying away from that completely
have arms as well obviously clad in
these black gloves which is part of the
mold are and not removable a bit like
nefer-as gloves in the boo York line so
she does have this really cute little
furry bolero going on it's just got a
little bit of elastic here at the back
so it's more like a collar really it
just comes around the back of her neck
and um by her arms here her litter um
yeah the I I do like the fairy on this
actually she was wearing a claw venus
was wearing a similar little fur and
also i think in the ghouls rule lime
claudine warfare like this but this is
definitely my favorite Randy
I wasn't really a fan of the 13 either
of those dolls but I'm absolutely loving
this one so her top is like a little
closet tight top with this really
interesting detail on the front little
tails at the back and a train as well I
mentioned her black and white leggings
before and almost the stalls crowning
glory funnily enough being on her feet
are her boots these shoes are absolutely
to die for they're very fitted little
stud designs in the heel and the tongue
comes right up to the knee so it makes
the boots look really really fitted on
the dolls legs and they're just divine
so I am hoping that you are loving this
school as much as I am I'm so happy to
get my hands on her and to shower with
you let me know what you think in the
comments and don't forget to subscribe
as always I'm always putting new videos
up i will be posting one on Twila also
from freak du chic so I'll see you guys
really really soon